README.md, before:

# Insertion sort app
This is a course project for CPSC-544. An Android application build with Android Studio using Java.

The application will show all the intermidiate steps of insertion sort.

## Dependencies
This project uses:
- JDK 21.0.5 (latest Long-Term Support (LTS) release of the Java SE Platform)
- Android Studio Ladybug | 2024.2.1

for virtual machine inside android studio:
- Pixel 4 with Q system image
  - API level: 29
  - Android version: 10.0

## Getting started
To run and build this project, first install [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio?gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAiAl4a6BhBqEiwAqvrquuwbe3PkAMl9ru5ZcWy6H3auU26Qrd1NV_1FjAl4QXq7hA2xuZleRRoCLXAQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) and [JDK 21](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java21).

Clone this repository to USER/AndroidStudioProjects:
```bash
cd USER/AndroidStudioProjects
git clone git@github.com:bartsuper/advanced-software-processing-android-programming.git
```
Open Android Studio and open this project.

### install virtual devices
Go to device manager --> click '+' --> select Pixel 4 --> select 'Q' for system image --> install

### run the project
Select 'App' and then click run button

Commit message:

updated readme, added demo video link

README.md, after:

# Insertion sort app
This is a course project for CPSC-544. An Android application build with Android Studio using Java.

The application will show all the intermediate steps of insertion sort.

[Demo video on YouTube](https://youtube.com/shorts/WGtdSQ_21Bg)
## Dependencies
This project uses:
- JDK 21.0.5 (latest Long-Term Support (LTS) release of the Java SE Platform)
- Android Studio Ladybug | 2024.2.1

for virtual machine inside android studio:
- Pixel 4 with Q system image
  - API level: 29
  - Android version: 10.0

## Getting started
To run and build this project, first install [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio?gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAiAl4a6BhBqEiwAqvrquuwbe3PkAMl9ru5ZcWy6H3auU26Qrd1NV_1FjAl4QXq7hA2xuZleRRoCLXAQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) and [JDK 21](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java21).

Clone this repository to USER/AndroidStudioProjects:
```bash
cd USER/AndroidStudioProjects
git clone git@github.com:bartsuper/advanced-software-processing-android-programming.git
```
Open Android Studio and open this project.

### install virtual devices
Go to device manager --> click '+' --> select Pixel 4 --> select 'Q' for system image --> install

### run the project
Select 'App' and then click run button
